Now before I actually test this on a real device though, let me show you a little bug which we have.
If I open a camera and I go back without taking a picture, which of course is something the user could
do because the button was pressed accidentally or whatever,
then at the moment we're getting an error here and
we're getting this error because in the image input, I'm of course taking that image and then I try to
save it to my local storage.
The problem is this here, pick image will return a file but it might also return null if the user doesn't
take a picture,
so if the camera gets opened but then no image is returned and therefore of course, we should handle
that case.
So in here, I'll check if image file is equal to null and if it is, I'll simply return here and I'll not
continue with the other code in there because if we have no image, then of course we can't save it,
we can't show it as a preview.
So with that change in place, let's actually try this again,
click on take picture and then click on back here instead of the camera so that we don't take a picture
and now you see here, we got a normal system log but I got no error now and that is a change we
need to make.
Now let's also test this on real devices.